README.md, before:

# Pro Appliance Installation - React Website

A modern React remake of the Pro Appliance Installation business website, featuring professional branding, responsive design, and comprehensive appliance installation service information.

## 🚀 Live Site
**https://proappliance.netlify.app/**

## 📋 Project Overview
This project recreates the original WordPress site in React with Bootstrap, maintaining the authentic business branding while providing a modern, responsive user experience. The site serves a family-owned appliance installation business based in Campbell, CA with 30+ years of combined experience.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎨 Professional Branding
- **Custom Business Logo** with professional shadow effects
- **Brand Color System** using CSS variables (#28b5d0 primary blue)
- **Responsive Navigation** with scroll-activated styling
- **Authentic Business Imagery** throughout the site

### 🖼️ Dynamic Content
- **Hero Image Carousel** - Auto-rotating business photos with smooth fade transitions
- **Service Showcase Carousel** - Educational content about 5 appliance categories
- **Custom Feature Graphics** - Professional check list replacing generic icons
- **Partner Brand Display** - Showcase of installation partnerships

### 📱 Modern User Experience
- **Fully Responsive Design** - Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Smooth Animations** - Professional transitions and hover effects
- **Fast Loading** - Optimized React build with efficient asset management
- **Accessibility** - Semantic HTML and proper contrast ratios

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React 18+ with Create React App
- **Styling**: Bootstrap 5 + React Bootstrap + Custom CSS
- **Routing**: React Router DOM
- **Icons**: Font Awesome
- **Deployment**: Netlify with automatic GitHub integration
- **Forms**: Netlify form handling (ready for quote form)

## 🏗️ Project Structure
```
src/
├── components/
│   └── Header/          # Navigation with scroll effects
├── pages/
│   ├── Home.js         # Complete homepage with carousels
│   └── Home.css        # Homepage styling
├── assets/
│   └── images/         # Business logos, hero images, brands
├── styles/
│   └── variables.css   # CSS custom properties
└── App.js              # Routing setup
```

## 🎯 Business Services Featured
- **Microwaves** - Over-range, built-in, drawer installations
- **Range Hoods** - Under cabinet, downdraft, chimney styles
- **Cooktops** - Gas and electric, island and counter configurations
- **Ranges & Wall Ovens** - All brands, gas and electric units
- **Dishwashers** - Most commonly installed appliance

## 🌍 Service Areas
Campbell, Cupertino, Gilroy, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Los Gatos, Milpitas, Monte Sereno, Morgan Hill, Mountain View, Palo Alto, San Jose, Santa Clara, Saratoga

## 📞 Key Business Messages
- "Quality Service. Expert Installers."
- "Serving the South Bay and Beyond"
- Licensed, insured, background-checked installers
- Family owned and operated
- 30+ years combined experience

## 🚀 Deployment
The site is automatically deployed to Netlify from the main branch:
- **Production URL**: https://proappliance.netlify.app/
- **Build Command**: `npm run build`
- **Publish Directory**: `build`
- **Branch**: `main`

## 💻 Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 16+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone [repository-url]

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm start

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### Available Scripts
- `npm start` - Development server (http://localhost:3000)
- `npm run build` - Production build
- `npm test` - Run tests
- `npm run eject` - Eject from Create React App

## 📋 Current Status
✅ **Homepage Complete** - Professional layout with all business content  
✅ **Responsive Design** - Works perfectly on all devices  
✅ **Real Business Assets** - Logo, images, and content integrated  
✅ **Production Deployed** - Live on Netlify with SSL  
✅ **Carousel Features** - Hero and service content rotation  

## 🔄 Upcoming Features
- **Custom Quote Form** - Comprehensive lead generation with file uploads
- **About Us Page** - Company story and team information
- **Service Areas Page** - Detailed geographic coverage
- **Footer Component** - Contact details and business information
- **Form Validation** - Enhanced user experience for quote requests

## 🎨 Design System
The site uses a consistent design system based on:
- **Primary Blue**: #28b5d0 (CSS variable: --primary-blue)
- **Typography**: Clean, professional fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Spacing**: Consistent padding and margins using Bootstrap utilities
- **Shadows**: Subtle drop shadows for depth and professionalism
- **Transitions**: Smooth animations using CSS variables for timing

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints
- **Desktop**: 1200px+ (lg)
- **Tablet**: 768px-1199px (md)
- **Mobile**: <768px (sm)

All components are fully responsive with appropriate scaling and layout adjustments.

## 🤝 Contributing
This is a business website project. For development questions or suggestions, please reach out to the project maintainer.

## 📄 License
Private business project - All rights reserved.

---
*Built with ❤️ for Pro Appliance Installation - Quality Service, Expert Installers*

Commit message:

Added Partnerships and ServiceAreas pages, updated readme

README.md, after:

# Pro Appliance Installation - React Website

A modern React remake of the Pro Appliance Installation business website, featuring professional branding, responsive design, and comprehensive appliance installation service information.

## 🚀 Live Site
**https://proappliance.netlify.app/**

## 📋 Project Overview
This project recreates the original WordPress site in React with Bootstrap, maintaining the authentic business branding while providing a modern, responsive user experience. The site serves a family-owned appliance installation business based in Campbell, CA with 30+ years of combined experience.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎨 Professional Branding
- **Custom Business Logo** with professional shadow effects
- **Brand Color System** using CSS variables (#28b5d0 primary blue)
- **Responsive Navigation** with scroll-activated styling
- **Authentic Business Imagery** throughout the site

### 🖼️ Dynamic Content
- **Hero Image Carousel** - Auto-rotating business photos with smooth fade transitions
- **Service Showcase Carousel** - Educational content about 5 appliance categories
- **Custom Feature Graphics** - Professional check list replacing generic icons
- **Partner Brand Display** - Showcase of installation partnerships

### 📱 Modern User Experience
- **Fully Responsive Design** - Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Smooth Animations** - Professional transitions and hover effects
- **Fast Loading** - Optimized React build with efficient asset management
- **Accessibility** - Semantic HTML and proper contrast ratios

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React 18+ with Create React App
- **Styling**: Bootstrap 5 + React Bootstrap + Custom CSS
- **Routing**: React Router DOM
- **Icons**: Font Awesome
- **Deployment**: Netlify with automatic GitHub integration
- **Forms**: Netlify form handling (ready for quote form)

## 🏗️ Project Structure
```
src/
├── components/
│   └── Header/          # Navigation with scroll effects
├── pages/
│   ├── Home.js         # Complete homepage with carousels
│   └── Home.css        # Homepage styling
├── assets/
│   └── images/         # Business logos, hero images, brands
├── styles/
│   └── variables.css   # CSS custom properties
└── App.js              # Routing setup
```

## 🎯 Business Services Featured
- **Microwaves** - Over-range, built-in, drawer installations
- **Range Hoods** - Under cabinet, downdraft, chimney styles
- **Cooktops** - Gas and electric, island and counter configurations
- **Ranges & Wall Ovens** - All brands, gas and electric units
- **Dishwashers** - Most commonly installed appliance

## 🌍 Service Areas
Campbell, Cupertino, Gilroy, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Los Gatos, Milpitas, Monte Sereno, Morgan Hill, Mountain View, Palo Alto, San Jose, Santa Clara, Saratoga

## 📞 Key Business Messages
- "Quality Service. Expert Installers."
- "Serving the South Bay and Beyond"
- Licensed, insured, background-checked installers
- Family owned and operated
- 30+ years combined experience

## 🚀 Deployment
The site is automatically deployed to Netlify from the main branch:
- **Production URL**: https://proappliance.netlify.app/
- **Build Command**: `npm run build`
- **Publish Directory**: `build`
- **Branch**: `main`

## 💻 Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 16+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone [repository-url]

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm start

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### Available Scripts
- `npm start` - Development server (http://localhost:3000)
- `npm run build` - Production build
- `npm test` - Run tests
- `npm run eject` - Eject from Create React App

## 📋 Current Status
✅ **Complete Professional Website** - Live 4-page site with all business content  
✅ **Homepage** - Dynamic carousels, features, and appliance showcase  
✅ **About Us Page** - Company story, credentials, and service information  
✅ **Service Areas Page** - County organization with interactive service map  
✅ **Partnerships Page** - Brand relationships and retailer information  
✅ **Header & Footer** - Professional navigation and social media integration  
✅ **Responsive Design** - Optimized for all devices with consistent branding  
✅ **Real Business Assets** - Logo, images, and authentic content integrated  
✅ **Production Deployed** - Live on Netlify with SSL and automatic updates

## 🔄 Upcoming Features
- **Custom Quote Form** - Comprehensive lead generation with file uploads (FINAL FEATURE)
- **Form Validation** - Enhanced user experience for quote requests
- **SEO Optimization** - Meta tags and search engine optimization
- **Performance Optimization** - Further speed and loading improvements
- **Analytics Integration** - Traffic and conversion tracking

## 🎨 Design System
The site uses a consistent design system based on:
- **Primary Blue**: #28b5d0 (CSS variable: --primary-blue)
- **Typography**: Clean, professional fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Spacing**: Consistent padding and margins using Bootstrap utilities
- **Shadows**: Subtle drop shadows for depth and professionalism
- **Transitions**: Smooth animations using CSS variables for timing

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints
- **Desktop**: 1200px+ (lg)
- **Tablet**: 768px-1199px (md)
- **Mobile**: <768px (sm)

All components are fully responsive with appropriate scaling and layout adjustments.

## 🤝 Contributing
This is a business website project. For development questions or suggestions, please reach out to the project maintainer.

## 📄 License
Private business project - All rights reserved.

---
*Built with ❤️ for Pro Appliance Installation - Quality Service, Expert Installers*
